RHIDP-1711: Add Supported platforms and Support policy to Admin Guide and RN docs (#644)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: artifacts/snip-customer-support-info.adoc

If you experience difficulty with a procedure described in this documentation, visit the http://access.redhat.com[Red Hat Customer Portal]. You can use the Red Hat Customer Portal for the following purposes:

* To search or browse through the Red Hat Knowledgebase of technical support articles about Red Hat products. 

> * To create a https://access.redhat.com/support/cases/#/case/new/get-support?caseCreate=true[support case] for {company-name} Global Support Services (GSS). For support case creation, select *{product}* as the product and select the appropriate product version. For detailed information about supported platforms, see link:{release-notes-url}#con-release-notes-overview.adoc[Supported Platforms] and the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/developerhub[{product} Life Cycle].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To create a https://access.redhat.com/support/cases/#/case/new/get-support?caseCreate=true[support case] for {company-name} Global Support Services (GSS). For support case creation, select *{product}* as the product and select the appropriate product version. For detailed information about supported platforms, see link:{release-notes-url}#con-release-notes-overview.adoc[Supported Platforms] and the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/developerhub[{product} Life Cycle].
```

> * To create a https://access.redhat.com/support/cases/#/case/new/get-support?caseCreate=true[support case] for Red Hat Global Support Services (GSS). For support case creation, select *Red Hat Developer Hub* as the product and select the appropriate product version. For detailed information about supported platforms, see link:{release-notes-url}#con-release-notes-overview.adoc[Supported Platforms] and the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/developerhub[{product} Life Cycle].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To create a https://access.redhat.com/support/cases/#/case/new/get-support?caseCreate=true[support case] for {company-name} Global Support Services (GSS). For support case creation, select *{product}* as the product and select the appropriate product version. For detailed information about supported platforms, see link:{release-notes-url}#con-release-notes-overview.adoc[Supported Platforms] and the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/developerhub[{product} Life Cycle].
```
